It's a hidden dragon world!
Wow!
There were dragons when I was a boy.
Yeah!
Where they went, only a few know.
Our story changed the world forever.
We did it!
The world's first dragon/Viking utopia.
Your utopia, maybe.
Mine's less crowded and more...
Ahh! Sanitary.
- Hey bud, wait up.
Oh my god.
He's not the only one.
She's a Light Fury.
Oh, sorry.
Did she just dissappear?!
Wow!
It's a hidden dragon world!
Toothless, go introduce yourself.
Ugh...
♪ Found my heart ♪
♪ And broke it here ♪
♪ Made friends and lost them through the years ♪
Toothless has a girlfriend!
I've hunted every Night Fury.
Except yours. Hand him over.
I will never give him up.
Then I will destroy everything you love.
We are no longer safe here.
We all have to disappear.
Completely off the map!
We have to fight for their freedom!
♪ I'm on my way ♪
Come on, bud!
You're nothing without your dragon.
♪ Driving at ninety ♪
Attack!
♪ On those country lanes ♪
Show them what you got bud!
♪ When we did not know the answers ♪
♪ And I miss the way♪
Save him.
♪ You make me feel ♪
♪ It's real ♪
♪ We watched the sun set ♪
It's you and me, bud.
Always.
♪ Over the castle on the hill ♪